Now if you're feeling confident using template driven forms in English to you and there's nothing special
about this when doing it in an ironic to.
You can already start hooking up those two inputs year to form try to fetch for more the foreign value
and the submit button is hit and try printing it to the console.
That's the thing we're going to do next.
So you may now pause to video and try it on your own before we then solve this together.
Were you successful.
Well let's have a look at how I would do this.
I'll go back to my template and as I mentioned before we're going to use a template term approach so
this is the place to work with this form.
And just to repeat this the template driven approach anger 2 will automatically create the forum in
the background in javascript for us when it detects this form element here.
So we don't have to do anything to let it detectors but we still have to tell Engler to which controls
our form actually has it will not automatically infer this.
And you can really see why it wouldn't make sense for letting angular to infer this automatically because
what you could argue that in a normal web app where you only use HDMI elements and even there you could
create your own controls.
But if you were to use that then you could theoretically say well if there is an input element in a
form element angle or to ship be able to add this automatically as a control.
However even if you would make this argument and there are reasons against it now it's definitely defeated
because here we're not using a normal input element.
We're using an eye or an input component.
And how would angler to know that this actually works as a control for it for days for him.
So therefore we have to inform English to you.
And we do this in the template driven approach by adding ngi model this directive to dis input by placing
it on this input on this component here.
Now important in normal English to web apps you need to add form's module to your imports array an already
import from an angle or forums in an ironic to Eb.
You don't need to do this because it is ionic module will automatically provide you with this module
with the form's module because forms and inputs are such a common thing in apps and mobile apps.
So you don't need to add forms module here.
So with this we placed N-G model on the input we have registered it.
Very important make sure that you have this name attribute set otherwise angle is not able to assign
a name to this control in its javascript representation of this forum.
So if that the formis caller's control or is now registered also and you can do the same on the amount
of course and you model and if you wanted to use one way binding to pre-populated with a well you you
could of course also do this with square brackets.
Or you could use two way binding.
It works like a normal Angler or two template driven form.
Nothing special about this.
So with that the controls are registered.
We also already got our submit button.
The next step of course is to make this form submit a bill let's work on this in the next lectures.